why does my computer  turn istself off for no reason?
how many computers can i legally install windows xp professional on?
how can i create guestbook in my website ? i use html in dreamweaver?
can the cd-rw drive in my laptop play dvd's? do i have to buy new hardware
why am i getting so much spam (50)in my bulk mail slot?
favorite easter egg?
what is better windows or linuix(also ease of use)?
what is the internet missing? with everything we can do on the internet
is there a digital photo face recognition service similar to riya.com? ryia.com is currently closed no new signups.  they do face recognition on your personal photos.
how do i create a vertical line in type using the keyboard?
why does the computer take so long to load if it doesn't have a virus?
what is python 1.5
how can i do simple line graphics
what is web 2.0?
does anybody know what program allows you to use the satellite to discover another places? i already have google earth but i cannot see some places. do you know any other program? if so
what are sockets in java.? what is sockets in java. is it true that a person with knowledge of sockets can hack any computer and take it over.
is yahoo going to close some accounts? i have just received the following message
does anyone know a good tutorial for typepad?
what are the factors that determine the hoursduring a telecoomunication network available?
how can i use finger sirvice with port 29?
what is the best free blogging software to use and install?
switch to mac? i've had to have my computer cleaned of viruses twice this year.  is mac the answer?
how to configure vlan and routing on cisco 3550 scitch?
what is a good all in one machine that prints pictures at professional quality as well as copy scan and fax ? i want to print quality pictures with high resolution as well as copy scan and fax. i want a card slot that reads many different cards.
is there any musical software which i can take out the main vocals of a mp3 file and make it an instrumental?
which is the best dvd ripper software? that has xvid in it
how do i create my yahoo signature?
is it possible anyhow to get the file extracted out of a zipped file without remembering the password? i've lost the password for a file that i need to extract from winrar. is it possible for me to extract it by any means now?
where can i learn how to use microsoft access 2003?
how so i install a second hard drive on my computer at?  how do i tell the computer which one my op is on?
what is the best software to make sure our registry is clean? clean from unnecessary files that may slow the computer down or create other problems.&#xa;&#xa;for example
how can you make a website? i would like to make a website
does anyone know of any decent whatever happened to type sites? i am looking for sites that are basically where are they now type sites for past tv or music stars that have faded away
sbc offers different price rates for dsl.  what is the best if my son will be playing x box live? is there different speeds with different pricing?  with what we have now he's playing people that have cable dsl and he keeps getting booted off
what kind of memory do i need for a compaq presario v2000? i want to upgrade to 2 512 mb sticks. just need to know if it's sodimm or what?
how to see how much net has been used? mine is bsnl  broad band connection
where's the best place to get online discount coupon codes?
how might i host a vpn in windows xp pro? can anyone suggest a 3rd party application for hosting &amp; configuring a virtual private network?&#xa;&#xa;i've not had any luck with the windows network setup wizard because of a missing service called routing and remote access.&#xa;&#xa;i'm unable to start this service with services.msc either. :(&#xa;&#xa;thanks
how would you help disable people learn computing?
i need find the file dcrcst9.inf modem driver of generic pci enumerator. model modem: pci communication device please tell me a site to download this file dcrcst9.inf&#xa;thank you
what is the best linux distribution? i intend 2 use linux as an alternative / learning os. iå«d like 2 know which linux distribution is best suited 4 that. i'd like the most windows-like distribution
how to block spam in apple mail? i use apple mail (tiger) and i would like to know of any good apps that block spam?
how to i get yahoo! to make it reasonably easy to ask support questions and have them respond meaningfully? - all people ever get is an automated response that
google answers or yahoo answers? what service do you prefer most?  &#xa;google answers or yahoo answers?
what does the new eu law about data retention really mean to us?
are there any good books on using apis? particulalry
