what is the best tutorial for adobe after effects?
what's yourfirst thought when you call a support line and the person has an indian accent?
how can i make my pc a 2 system pc with 2 hard drives? i want to have an option to start up either in my personal environment wich is located on my first hard drive... or start up in my small bussiness (hairdresser) environment on another hard drive. both hard drives inside the same pc. i do not want the first environment to see or recognize the other environment or the other way around. so that actually impies switching off 1 harddrive that is not in use
when yahoo and msn talk to each other...which one will u use? and why? and give reason...if i can't decide the best answer i'll call a vote..and that's likely to happen
why are web hosting services afraid of php5? most web hosts that i have seen use php4. php5 is very stable and has much more versatility in its use of objects. php5 can even co-exist along side of php4 yet hosting companies dont
why did my font size change on all internet pages including yahoo?
why did yahoo start this question and answer site?
what is the difference between blog and xanga?
i need help on how to put flash videos on ur page
i have 2 computers on a network
how do you use vba to change the sql code of an access query? i have a system that uses about three different levels of queries and need to modify the lowest-level one depending on different circumstances. is there any way to modify the underlying sql in a vba module? if not
why every time password field shows either solid big dot (.) or asterisk (*) why not other characters?
how do i look at someone's yahoo profile and pics?
how can i close y yahoo account?
can you include somebody else's rss feed on your webpage?
i dont understand smtp (iis) xp?? pleeeeaase?&#xa;i want details?
starting with a circle
what certifications make a great cv? mcse
i am selling a computer
what is the website that list the job market in asian country?
what is the difference between dvd+r and dvd-r?
i know an email address but forgot the @ part. how do i find the email address if all i know is the begining?
what is the process deskpan.dll? is it safe to be removed from my computer and what exactly is it (spyware)?
what is the best free photo hosting service?
where best to find free but original movies to download? both vcd and dvd.
how do i install front usb 2.0 ports?
how to deploy software to every computer apart of a domain? i need to deploy software to 300 computers  thats part of a network
i want to send a friend an album i put together online.  is there a place that allows me to send a 80mb file? i would like to just be able to log on and upload and send.  i've seen my friend pull albums off a site that her brother had sent her but i can't remember the name.  not bit torrent.
how to permote a site at zero cost?? i have built a site http://cooltechno.250free.com and wana permote it what to do??
how do i delete my recent search list in the yahoo browser?
what is the maximum bandwidht does the slt dsl support at present? about slt telecommunication in srilanks.
is there any real difference between friendster and myspace?
why does firefox loose file extensions when i try to download a file. eg. 123.xls is saved as 123 only. no.xls i know it has to do with the way the software handles mime types
how to make a backup of your windows registry.?
what are classes
how can i save videos i watch using the real player onto my hard disk to watch them when i am offline? i tried the temporary folders .it doesn't seem to work.the player gives an error.
when did you have your first computer?
can nyone have documentation on online shopping ?
how does the mapquest directions feature work? who created it
so where is it in domain ?? here's the answer that ociphoto gave:&#xa;you can set it in a domain policy. if you edit the default policy for the domain it will be set for all users once they log in.(i know that but where i can find it??i found where i can hubit users to change homepage just that!!!!!
how to be among the first results on a search engine? i heard it helps to have the right keywords on the head of the html code as meta names... anyone can help me further?
how do i use css to put an image at the top-right of a page?
what is the best free ocr software for windows? no trialware please!
does anyone know of an opensource web registration software that i can use with php and apache?
which is the best internet browser available
can any one know about microsoft excel ? i want to protect my xl file from others delete it.i know that i can protect by editing and see from others.but i dont know how to protect ot by delete from others?
