why are yawns contagious? when people yawn
who said the statement below and what does it mean? can someone help me with understanding someone else's wisdom
how do i find an out of print book? when i was a kid i remember seeing a book that was like an yearbook of all newspapers published by the times during ww ii. each of the years is compiled into a different book. &#xd;&lt;br&gt;it gave one a very uniqie perspecitev into the uk druing the war
how to get rid of a beehive? who can tell me how to get rid of a beehive with out getting stung?
which are the best k-12 public schools in the sf bay area? which are the best k-12 public schools in the sf bay area?
what's the longest english word without a vowel in it? and what does that word mean if it's not a common word.
why would big ten keep its name inspite of adding a 11th school? [colleges &amp; univs]&#xd;&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;upto 1980s and early 90s
how come fire trucks are red? how come fire trucks are red?
where did term tie the knot come from? what's the origin of the notion of marriage as tying the knot?
what was james bond's wife's name? i seem to be having my temporary memory lapse and can't seem to be recollecting my deceased wife's name. can someone help?&#xd;&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;-- 007
what is the history of seeing eye dogs? what is the history of seeing eye dogs?
for coliege admission
which are the most rated college in california? and what each one‰Ûªs specialty?  meaning ‰ÛÒ what area each one is famous in being the best among the california‰Ûªs college
why do all zippers have ykk on them?
what's the biggest difference between high school &amp; college in terms of academics? is it just harder or is it more work?
what is your favorite quotation from henry david thoreau ?
what is the name of the second us astronaut to land on the moon?
which singer has the largest number of records
what animal laid the largest eggs?
can you recommend a good preschool with childcare around new york?
what does xoxo stand for?
where can i find information about superlatives? i need to find answers to questions such as what is the biggest...? what's the tallest...? what is the fastest...?
is there enough emphasis on gang prevention in the middle schools?
where do babies come from? that's it. where do babies come from?
where can i get ideas for our science project?