does a baby breath water inside the mothers womb? what is the umbilical cord used for when a baby is inside the womb
is yahoo or google a better resource for research? what is another good resource for academic research? thanks.
traffic question: can you change lanes across a double yellow line? can you change lanes across a double parallel yellow line? i know that you cannot cross through 2 sets of double yellow lines where each set is separated by about a width of a car
where did name of day thursday come from?
who invented sudoku?
what is the first high school for gay teens in america? there is a high school in new york for lgbtc teens
if you had a chance to study chinese
how do you get a teaching certificate after a ba? i will have a bachelor's degree in mathematics and i want to be qualified to teach elementary education. i need to know what options are out there for me and what hoops i need to jump through
what is the capital of mongolia?
i need a map of new jersey between the 1600 and the 1700s including the rivers and towns?
which is the best day school in dehradun
i want to learning about japanese grammar. so anyone help me?
is there any online forms available for 11th class indian science students to study abroad?
college applications question? i applied to a college early decision
banned weapons during world war 1? what were they??
what's better study in your country or in some other one where u not belong to ? first i've been accepted in my country university in some colege that i do'nt like very mutch
is there a word for someone who holds a bachelor's degree?  -something like baccalaureaut?
which words end in 'gry'? think of words ending in -gry. angry and hungry are two of them. there are only three words in the english language. what is the third word? the word is something that everyone uses every day. if you have listened carefully
should the law in oklahoma be lifted on banning tattoos or should it stay? im writin a paper in english and i would like to know what others think!!
how to apologize to your inferior if you were the general manager ? suppose you were the general manager in the big company.one of your employees is very busy with several projects.for the reason of working efficiency
how many sides on an eneagon?
what is the capital of iran ?
cold turkey? where and how did the term cold turkey originate? what was its original meaning?
can i go to a school website? ps44
what protects a developing bird in a shell? is the shell