why the time machines &amp; watches always show time as 10 hrs &amp; 10 mins
who is more emotion girl or boy?
is it legal to pay no federal income taxes?  what law requires me to pay?
how does an ad agency advertise itself? i am a marketing student and i need desperately to know this as i have a presentation on this
what the best small bussiness to start? i am looking at a one room storefront location because the rent is cheap
did you ever have alot of guys ask you out in at least 20 min? i did i want to see if its normal for a girl
what is the address or site of penguineindia books?
people are sending foul language in subject line of email how can i stop them from continuing?
do you play disny's toontown online?
what do u mean by vishwjeet?
where did the phrase rule of thumb come from?
why doesn't yahoo delete spam after 1 month
seeking all filed or pending lawsuits for hurricane katrina vs. new orleans
what is a good entrance for the birthday girl @ her sweet 16? i was thinking of a fashion show like entrance for my sweet 16 but my friend
i wanted to know if there is a website in teaching how to file in alphabetical order?
does anyone know how much aol is a month? swb is charging me 49.95 a  month for dsl.
i am going to apply for the position of assistant in an embassy. which format of cv shall i choose? i will change my career direction.i've searched the web for cv formats. i'm very confused. which format of cv will be useful for me?
what's a good website to find out about ipos?
can i advertise for mortgage investors? i work for mortgage company and we would like to sell our existing mortgages
how can i get the money to open my own business with not so perfect  credit? i need 1500 to open two businesses that i will work together.  one is tarvel and the other is event consulting.  the cost  for the travel business is 400.oo while the cost for the event consulting is 1100.00 but
trying to find a residential phone #
who is the director
how do  i deal with an anger disorser?
who leads china now?
who knows how i can get a loan for $42
how to drive in ice &amp; snow?
what should i do to find a good job? every time i look for a job the employers ask me for referers but this is my first time i would work.
what is the best money making products to sell on ebay?
how can a child achive good marks
are you planning on making a new years resolution?  if so
hoiw does the equity in a home work
my email address is capdana@yahoo.com. i have been getting porno email from that address to me. what gives? who is using my email address?
where do i start when looking to buy a house?
gophers are messing  up my grass ! how do  i get rid of them mothers? can a mouse dig  in your yard and make raised tunnels?
why are us blonds so stupid or at least condiderd stupid we dont know and are despratie for awnsers?
my sister hates me and i might move up to her grade
any suggestions on how to stop procrastinating? it's a serious problem for me. i'm losing sleep.
why are people from new jersey so loud?
how do u say i love you in spanish?
how do i know if my friends are online when they are invisible? i would like to know if my friends are online when they are in the invisible mode.  am i allowed to know that?
if you weigh a train in a railway station where do you weigh a pie?
what can i do about vaginal dryness.?
what's the basis for daylight savings time?
if all the nations in the world are in debt
if i got a 91 in english
how do i access yahoo messenger?  is it like instant messenger? i see this option on my phone but not on the computer
superman vs. hulk
what's corporate advertising?
i want to test someone for meth how long does it stay in the system?
why is the sky blue?
how can i improve my english fastly? i am so sad because i can not speak english...i want to talk to my friends but they speak very well...sometime one guy talked to me but i can not understand what he said...i am so sad...i want to know how can i improve my  english fastly...i can not go to the english school after main school ...hic...so poor me...i need some help...can you help me?
when everything is going wrong today what do you do? everything i've done today gone wrong and i am pretty mad and in an pistoff mood so what do ya do when ya mad?
which pizza restaurant is the best?
what is the smell after death?
how old are you? i'm 28
what does 'n.i.c.' stand for? i see it all the time on floor plans for hospitals and such
how to open a dance studio? i want to open my own dance studio.  i teach irish dance
why did the movement for womens rights experience so much difficulty in the years before 1860?
who created the bloods gang?
what is a meter multiplier
do you generally care about other people
how can i get my general contractor licence?
how is abbreviation bbl started for barrel when there is only one b in barrel?
what is the best 9 to 5 occupation attainable w/o a college degree?
what website can i go to in order to freestyle? where people on the net battle it out.
can you recomend me some web pages from graphic designer?
how to become rich? help me with starting a small business.
do you know incruit?
wondering where the town of hines
do you use yahoo answers to get information or for entertainment or both? just wondering.  looking over the questions and answers for the last couple of days
what do i need to prepare my household for an avian flu pandemic?
how do i make an im(instant messaging) @ yahoo.com? i wanna know how to im my friend but dont know how
what is delegent mean?
why are we becoming addicted to this site?
my 401k is 60% cash
my boyfriend told me that he was with his exgirlfriend does that mean he is cheating on me pla help me?
two ? about developing a sitcom. 1.how do i protect my idea before sharing it? 2.who do i go to with it? i am wondering if there is a simple way to protect and prove that i had a certain idea for a sitcom before i go to anyone with it.  i have heard of simple things like sending a document via certified mail to yourself to prove the date that the idea originated.  i also would like to know the best way to share the idea with a realistic chance of getting to a network (abc
