why do men put there wallets on there right butt cheek pocket? ever though about that?
how can i meet jeniffer lopez for real?
why do we hav dream? when i sleep i often hav dream y do we hav dream when sleeping.
if we were in 1954 what would i hang from my rear view mirror?
what is the reason for poitns on yahoo! answers? im so confused!
what happened to the tv show invasion?
what were the books on the best seller list in 1970 and 1976?
why is it that you can help so many people unselfishly
how do you get mold out of bathing suits? i was tired after going swimming (i came home late) and i promptly forgot about my bathing suit and towel. now i've just found them and my towel was all black covered in mold. it was too far gone
how do i stay at home and have parents let me watch their kids for daycare? i can't find any info on going about this. i have a college degree and a teaching credential. thanks!
why do people shoot off guns on new years eve?
how do i make friends?
who would win in a fight godzilla or king kong and why?
if you had a choice
iam a adult baby how can i tell my wife?
i need a printable calendar that i can write on to keep track of bills due
what is the best christmas gift for a boyfriend?
what kind of man are u atracted 2.? im atracted 2 boys with blue eye
what‰Ûªs the best way and easiest way to make money?
i want a-one  credit does any one have a number
are there any teen nightclubs in the pa?
how do i start my own business? small art related home business
what is the best business idea to start with and make good money?
what if person w/ legal custody dont give permission for me to claim dep.even though he lived w/ me for 1 yr.?
as usual disgusting kids with too much time on their hands are intruding on a logical site.? i am so tired of looking at message boards hoping to learn something and finding it filled with disgusting comments from kids and young adults with twisted minds and too much time on there hands
how can calculation commisions in the network marketing plans or programms?
where can i find ecards that jump out and scare someone?
if germans are the most short tempered 
art gallery feasibility? what would be the major fixed and variable cost items/drivers for a small art gallery? some might seem obvious
what exactly do guys look for in a girl?
what are the best stock market sectors for 2006? what sectors of stock market are the best for 2006? drug
does god exist? why?
is jcpennys hiring?
can you deduct the amount of a personal loan from your income tax if the borrower declares bankruptcy?
where did the phrase cop a feel originate?
should people stay at a job where the supervisors make you stand up for long periods  of time? do you think it's right for supervisors to make you do things like stand up at your desk or sit in a cold room just because you are not making enough bonus money like they expect?
what can be done legally to protect a person from a mental ill person sending them threating mail?
why is my favorite color red?
what is the most comprehinsive website for reasearching company informaiton for stock trading?
how to become a rich?
are there any women or girls out there who love to where high heels????????????? do u like open or close toe????????????&#xa;what is your favorit color shoes to where?????????&#xa;what size shoes do u where??????????
dontcha think we should be able to vote on best question? i think that would get rid of some of those outlandish questions.  how many more people can ask if they are really in love
after i reach level 5
what is --- 2 plus 2?
anyone else doing nothing tonight? just wondering if anyone else has no plans for tonight...my husband is working and i'm pregnant so i get to sit around and watch my family get drunk.
where did the dollar go?!? three friends check into a motel for the night and the clerk tells them the bill is $30
how do i get an answer from yahoo.?
the last 5 minutes of your life... what do you have to say ????
how do you change your yahoo id?
how can someone open a savings account after being blocked by check systems(tm)? a relative has to use a check cashing service because of something he did over 5 years ago and now no bank will open even a savings account. is this true?
can i locate the address of a missing relative
i am trying to locate a phone number for someone living at 2521 s.w. mayacco bay
if god can do do anything...can he create a doughnut so large that he could not eat it?
what are the best new fields to look for employment???? i would love to change professions..?
how do you know if someone put a lien on your house.?
where do i find someone's phone number?
what is your favorite holiday in the whole world? theres a guy in a red suit.
why are man hole covers round ?
what is the rainiest place in the usa?
what is the most confusing question that has not been answered yet?
whats the best way to get a cruise ship job?
what is cheaper
how many roads must a man walk  down? just a rhetorical musing...
health insurance for small businesses?
do u think my love of my life come back to me?
where do i find a lender to buy only a piece of land?
how many feet are in an acre? 43
i downloaded a report and it came out in a bunch of numbers and letters
which company has the most patents?
whate is your name?
moving to santa monica
when did you become a pagan/wiccan ???
who is luciano pavarotti?
what is infrastructure? in bpo
which gets dirtier when you wear it
how do i access my account  balance/activity with wells fargo?
how many of you pray to win the lottery? i am just checking my odds. =)
