how many different breakfast cereals are available in the united states.? i counted over 200 different cereals in my local grocery store and began to wonder how many are out there?
is ace ventura still a classic? i tried to watch it
how much it costs to rent 1 bed room apartment in chicago and suburb area?
what are your favorite colors?
what would you like to see in an economic programme on tv? hi
what is the easiest way to learn the capitols of all 50 states?
who is beautiful - men or women ?
where can i buy standard bank balance confirmation letter for auditing purpose?
how to get pass word of my yahoo id if i have forgotten details provided at the time of ragistration?
is dance a way to give away tension and frustation?
need to find phone # of friend in edison new jersey?
y will any1 want to crossdress?
how would you change the site; www.gadgetell.com?
how many tirthankar in jainism?
what do u think can make a search engine better than the existing ones like yahoo
why december 21
what does my friend mean when she calls me a child then corrects herself and calls me a kid?
need informaton on company known as gtec? is it a real company?
if you were intereviewing someone for a job
is gold a good investment even though it has it a high?
should i buy a house in nyc or in new haven ct.?
titanic questions? how could an iceberg hit an unsinkable ship?&#xa;why did lower classes have to wait?isn't it the crews fault for not letting them go and for almost 1
are vuls really a good way to avoid paying taxes on income obtained in investments? i'm considering getting into a variable universal life policy
how do i put the fun back in my life? i just got out of a rotten abusive relationship and i want to have fun again! it feels like he drained all the fun out of me. how do i get it back?
what investments out there provide at least 25% cash on cash return per year? i'm looking for an investment that provides at least 25% cash on cash return per year.  it would be an added bonus to find something that is tax advantaged
when is the first day of winter?
what's the worlds record foot size?
why are we here in this world ????
what is the average monthly salary in ohio/usa?
what is hmo? i heard it in a movie?&#xa;&#xa;madagascar to be specific???
what is the tallest building in texas?
what will happen to gm?
hello i do not have a credit card .i would like to have a web site to sell electronics on line can i do so ?t?
how to torture my friends?
which do you prefer baby phat or apple bottoms?
where is my email ( zmmaali@yahoo.com) if available so would you please inhansed again?
was this x-mas day better than previous?
what shape do you like to see most? you can answer square
does yahoo always email your answer on yahoo! answers? even if i uncheck the box&#xa;yes
if you could be a teacher
what is the web address to look up registered sex offenders in your community or state?
information on genealogy on john e tozer?
where can i find coca-cola car seat covers?
what are the names of the construction companys that andrew jack whittaker owned in west virginia?
i need to find a program i can use on my computer as a project board like you would use a dry erase board.?
what is satayhagraha and swarja?
what the difference between: faith and belief
who invented zipper (zip)?
why are girls so mean to each other? even the ones who don't know you can be mean just for the sake of being mean.  i don't get it - why is that fun?
social sercurity card office lacation jaxsonville fl
how do you get a guy to like you if you know he doesnt?
please tell me how can i know the ecommic situation in your country. what is the income of everage people.? i want to know what is important going on in your country. especially
how can i get a working visa of the usa?
can you remind of my password without the account information?
what are you going to do with your bonus second of 2005?
why is there braille lettering at an atm when blind people cant drive?
who likes zoe girl?
are wolves being bread in captivity for release? and how do you sighn up for the program?
why are they so many haters?
have you ever slept with your best friends mom?
how do the people at camel count the camel cash you send in for prizes? seems like it would be a lot of work for a person to do
why did they take chat off for people under 16? how come we cant chat like we used to be able too i think that is a gay rule?
is staging a house to sell help?
how do you type the pound symbol? money pounds that is
what do u know about islam?
why did yahoo close my 4 year old id for no reason and with no warning? all my points gone
is paypal trustworthy?
what's the fastest land animal? just what it says.
are there any websites i can chat with woman about their panties?
why is the oldest child the most neglected?
how to make-your-own cigarettes?
does the staff at y! answers play this game too? do u guys on the staff just have to answer some of these? seriously you gotta get a good chuckle at of em
from a tax perspective is it better to buy a prius now or in 2006? i'm not to clear on the advantages of tax credit vs deductions which i understand is the difference between having a prius delivered in 05 and 06.
what are some ways a 13 year old boy can make alot of money?
what's the meaning of life?
can you go back in time and kill yourself?
is it better to give or to receive? oh yeah ... this is about as open-ended of a question that there is ... let it rip people!!!
