roth ira vs 401k? what is the difference between roth ira and 401k? when should i prefer one over the other?
how many planes fedex has? i heard that it is the largest airline in the world
what are some tips on finding a good mortgage broker? what are some tips on finding a good mortgage broker?
nice apartment building near sbc park? any recommendations for a nice apartment building in sf generally in the sbc park area?
what is the best riddle that you know? i'm trying to have a library of the best riddles that people encountered. so a good riddle would be a riddle that has no ugly tricks in it- pure logic answer ‰ÛÒ no tricks
economics of running a restaurant? running a restaurant looks like hard work and long hours. &#xd;&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;what percentage of restaurants are profitable?  and what is the average revenue and net income of a small restaurant?
when will google buy yahoo? the two businesses are very complementary in terms of strengths and weaknesses. do we want to beat ourselves up competing with each other for resources and market share
why is there often a mirror in an elevator? what is the history behind it?
what's the best investment when interest rate goes higher? what's the best investment when interest rate goes higher?  `stocks`? or 'bonds'? or cds?
how do i take my money out of 401k without penalty? if i change a job
what are the steps required to edit
condo/townhouse pricing in san jose
who would you like to be superman spiderman or mightymouse?
which car and house insurance company is recommended in california? and with which one you had a bad experience?
should married couples have joint bank accounts and credit cards?
how many cds has aol sent out
what is the best carseat to purchase?
what's a good home based business?
can you imagine seeing more colors? no
what's the cheapest place to live in the south bay?
should us computer programmers be worried about outsourcing trend to india and other countries?
how do i write a resume?
where can you donate an old encyclopedia set?
does anyone have a recommendation for a good cpa who charges reasonable fees in indianapolis?
can you recommend a good credit union located in st. louis?
what are those tubular straw things at construction sites? occasionally at a construction site there will be something lying on the ground that looks like a mesh tube filled with straw
how do you bring up the salary subject during an interview if the interviewer didn't bring it up?
how can i stop getting junk mail? i'm sick of all the pre-approved credit card solicitations
where's a good place to buy a skirt for beneath the christmas tree? walgreen's had two ugly ones to choose from. any place have a better selection of skirts to lay down beneath the christmas tree?
can you recommend a residential real estate appraisal firm around kansas?
what should i have in my disaster emergency kit stored out side my house? since fima is estimating that the next big disaster will be a more then 7.0 earthquake in ca.&#xd;&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;just a reminder that on aug 2001 they have predicted 3 disaster scenarios: &#xd;&lt;br&gt;first: terror attack on nyc&#xd;&lt;br&gt;second: a 5.0 category hurricane in new orleans&#xd;&lt;br&gt;third: a more then 7.0 earthquake in california&#xd;&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;we are down to the third one‰Û_‰Û_
anyone have a recommendation for an investment brokerage in seattle?
where does the sidewalk end?
why does in-n-out burger have secret menu items?
how many answers does a typical q&amp;a question get?
can someone *simply* explain what a stock short is?
is there a  public place in bay area where one can stay late till 1 am and do  home work or read.  ?
does anyone know a vacation rental service in washington dc that offers great rates?
credit cards- how can you get a credit card if you don't have a credit history?
should i rent or buy? i live in an area with very high real estate prices. i can afford to buy
how many zip codes in the us ?
which mortgage is best for me: 30 year fixed rate or 5/1 arm? i am looking at borrowing $500000 and would like to know how to find the best interest rate for the mortgage.
what is the best checking account balancing interest and service?
if i sold a house at a loss after owning it for less than two years
what is the average cost of an engineer in india comparing to the us?
how much does ebay charge for selling stuff? what percentage? how much is transaction fee?
where can i get information on which  mutual funds to invest in?
how do i roll my 401(k) over to a traditional ira? i have a retirement plan with my former employer and i want to roll it over to a traditional ira.  what are my other options?
what's a good resource for understanding the tax implications of buying/selling stock? if i have a modest number of trades in the year
is this the end of the housing boom? for october
what good is it to get points on yahoo! q&amp;a but not have a way to rankings of other people's point levels? seriously - what good are points
why some companies have survived for more then 50 years while others have failed only after 5?   why is that ?
why are we here?
how does this site make money? i guess advertisements will be added eventually when it has certain traffic.
can anyone recommend a reliable and cost effective person to do our personal trust and will?
was santla claus always red
i can't find add contact on yahoo msg.  think don't have.? i'm trying to add a contact to my yahoo msg
how about a index or table of contants of all on the web? too convienent??
want to see gross things?
who has the best rates for liquid cd or money maket? have 28k would like to keep fairly liquid
would women that are gay like sex?
taday is 31 december
will california ever fall in the ocean?
how can i let this guy know that i like him and want to spend time with him w/o getting to close to fast?
am i the only person who really
i am very bored. what should i do?
who is jeff palmer? the name sounds familiar...
what do you think of the u.s.'s economy?
what does fundamentalism mean?
whats the difference between gas operated and blowback operated guns??
how do i take photos for e-commerce ? i need to take photos for my online store.  any ideas?  how do i create a transparent background?
what is the name of the rabbit in the magic hat on the movie
i need a cv. in english? i want a curricullum vitae
need to find reserch about work ethics?
is madison who's who a scam? i got an invitation to join through an email today?
how long do u to wait in between popping knuckles?
what will santa bring this year?