can you help me find a descent job for a 19 year old girl? im looking for a job
i got hurt on the job at a home of a client we were forced to do the work or loose the contract can i sue ? the home owner stated that he would go to our competitor if we didnt do the job as he wanted. i need to know if i can sue the homeowner for this
i will be 70.5 years old on may 2006.what date will i start getting distribution from my 401k and what minimum
how to start accounting business?
i am trying to find a good friend who is currently incarcerated within the california department of correction i know his full name and cdc# but can not seem to find a site that will allow me to locxate him online
what is a better way to go roth ira or conventional ira? i also don't quite understand what is best agressive
what is one word that describes you best?
give me the meaning of arabic name nihaya? get to me the meaning
where is the best place online to find business partners for an it startup? i am currently looking for great technical partners for a new internet and it startup.  i already know about gobignetwork.com
how long does midlife crisis last? my ex started acting out before we got divorced by doing stupid things like smoking pot all the time and getting oui's
how can i buy land in west africa? i want to build a vaction home in west africa (in cote d'ivore near abidjan ideally)how can i find a reliable agent? or source
what are the hours of the stock market?
what will be the best stock to own in 2006?
is it ok to tattoo my 14 month old son? i'd pick something really cool
my last name is small and i want to change it. what would be a cool last name?
should yahoo buy aol?
how do u know if u really love someone or not?
what is blue ocean strategy?
cant find my sound system on my pc? cant find mt sound system on my pc icon om bottom of my screen disappeared
what is the best way to market foreclosure property to the public in the new york city area?
$200 
how do i i deal with a third party collection agency? i can only pay installments on an account.?
what is sex?
what is the profit in going to the level 2?
is everyone going to drive sober on christmas? remember
why there are no french cars in the usa?
what are some 7 letter words for untidy?
why can't you take a picture of a man with a wooden leg?
is there a santa claus? what was the baltimore sun's response to virginia's quiry?
how bad is it to owe a bank?
how can i do survey what customer thinking to my fine dining? my customer is business class or high class people
getting your avatar into e-mail?
why people waste time to give anwers her?
search for someone? i am trying to look for someone located in sunnyvale
where can i find the fre toll free number kids can call to santa claus?
i need santa's address.? my kids want to send a wish list to santa. where do i mail it to?
is 'dow' pronounced dough or daa-wuh?
who is smarter? men or women?
how can i get an address to send songs i've written to carrie underwoods writers for possible consideration?
is cliffnotes.com helpful and give most of a books details? is cliffnotes.com helpful? does it give you pretty much the whole book details?
how do i tell a colleague at work that she smells without really upsetting her?
what do you do if your friend went up to another friend and stated everything she hated about her? then she goes and tells everyone it was you who gave her the idea which isn't true? all your friends know it is not true and that it was the other person. even though you know it doesn't matter your friends know what is true and not true you still feel awful? what do i do to feel better?????
how many fingers has the person with the most fingers had? like 25
are you at work on yahoo answers
where in nevada does lori zwick live? what's her phone number?
which one is better electric stove or a gas stove? im buying a new stove just wanted to know which one is better and why?
what should i do for my 30th birthday?  anything goes...? i couldn't find a category for this question
how did you find out you were gay?
what is the address to answer a question here?
who is the owner of yahoo.com?
in a 5-star restaurant
why do i usually see a picture of a snake in pharmacies' logos?
i want to see all the company director and there e-maill address in saudi arabia? i want to know them
what is the best way to sell an ebook?
who is the main character in the book wolf rider?
hey
how can i stop getting pre approved letters from credit card companies?
why cant i cannot get yahoo im on my pc?? i had the yahoo i/m on my pc at one time
who are the condensor manufacturers in gujarat?
i want to ask my parents to borrow some money. what's the best way to go about it?
reverse 866 phone number lookup? how can i find out
this guy broke up with me because he said he wasnt over this girl but now he says he is should i ask him out? he is very sweet and he still tells me he loves me but i dont know if i should go back out with him its sounds like a good idea
why r men dogs?
why are people called virgins before they have sex?
why can't women just see things our way and like it??????
i want to start piercing in kansas and i was wanting to know how to go about getting my licence for piercing?
what are some of the advantages of participating in a regular exercise  program?
do men get hit with frying pans?
do men wear tights?
how is this possible? a boy was at a carnival and went to a booth where a man said to the boy
i just found out my friend cuts herself. what can i do to help her? she is already going to a counceler and stuff
my husband as a checking account i forged is name for years to checks can i get in trouble for this?
how can u make ur hair grow faster than ever!!!!!!!?
can the sex of a planned birth be selected today using modern medicine techniques?
what do i buy my boyfriend? i live with my boyfriend and yet i have no idea what to get him for christmas! he's the man who has it all
i keep on hearing the phrase pushing the envelop  while attending meetings in us. what does it mean?
