why is iceland green and greenland white?
what is the jewish custom of putting rocks on a graveto show love and care for the deceased? when i visit the graves of my mom and dad
do you ever dream in colors?
my sn password is stolen 2 times this week what can i do? have had this sn for a few yrs and have almost 800 friends
how many millionaries and billionaries? in the us
why is beef jerky called beef jerky?
if i melt dry ice
if you were stranded on an island for a year and could only take 3 things or people what would you bring? don't take this seriously or write stupid comments. its just for fun. i wana see what other people put. for me it would be my hair brush
how many died in the civil war?
is it true that your personality is determine by your date and place of birth? is astrology true and does it play a huge role in your personality.
who was the first terrorist in history?
how can i get my title deed after i lost it? i bought some land on ebay
how many licks does it take to get to the tootsie roll center of a tootsie roll pop?
in any group of people
do space heaters really save money? instead of turning on the heat
my apt. management is demanding more money from me than i owe. can i take them to court 4free b4 they take me? i want to pay what we owe
how can i do more in less time? could you help?
does soda help stop stomach bloating ?why?
what feels the best?
my yahoo email no longer allows me to compose or send any email. need asst. asap. thanks?
can i make real money online? to many scams
has anyone found a job using a online job finder?
do you support chinese characters here?
what's the difference between motivation and inspiration?
where can i buy timberlin boots and get them air brushed??? i want to buy the timberlin boots and what to personalize them with my initals.
how do i hi meet a girl i've tried everthing can't seem to anyone please help?
is there any bob marley christmas ornaments?
what is the best holiday?
why are dimes smaller than nickels?
why doesnt glue stick to the inside of a bottle ?
how is like to live in kissimmee
has any one just typed in their last name in the google search and found some cool things.? if you type in your last name with the image selected it will show you pictures of all the people with your last name. i did it and it was very interesting.&#xa;&#xa;&#xa;does any one have the last name surratt or know some one who does????????
where do i find a site on what jobs get paid how much?
im looking for the title or artist that sings this song.? it starts as i cant believe i believed everything we had would last
what's the meaning or significance of a rainbow?
what's the best accounting program to buy for my small business?
have you ever listened to the dark side of the moon with wizard of oz?
how can i find the guy with sohamnikname in this site? i think i have the same opinions in many questions
how come you can only answer somany questions per day?
what is a kpod chicken? i do know that this chicken is a male chicken and i was toldthat it had testicles under their wings
who has 600points?
where there american snipers in the 101st airborne during world war 2 ?
how do they keep dogs who detect drugs not addicted to drugs?
when a paid delinquency on your credit report reaches the end of it's five years
why do ppl ask about sex?
what did you get for christmas?
if three equals k-x and x equals c but c equals 34 what would k-2x+3c?
what is the meaning of life?
will you help me find a picture of mayor adam west
who is the fatest person in the world? who
i worry too much about what others think of the questions i ask. should i? do you think people who think they've come down from the mount to annoint us with their decree on what is a worthy question need to be listened to or do they need to get a little stress releiver shaped like one of the powerpuff girls to squeeze whenever they see a question they don't like?
how can i change back to regular email..bet mail won't work?
where can i find info on a fatal accident that killed my best friend online? her name was lois fern ramey tolliver... she was 6 weeks pregnant and was killed on the aa highway in carter county kentucky after striking a 2005 freightliner in the wrong lane in her blk 2005 merc cougar
what is nictitating membrane.?
do you go to public of private school? dont tell me what school you go to.?
how do you get rid of a boyfriend who just does not get you do not want him anymore??
what is the best way to clean you credit.?
is their a free crimnal back groud web site?
recently
is my membership paid up? i cannot find my aarp card
are you a virgin?   in what age did u lost  it?
why is it important now to have a blog if you are looking for a job ? why is it important to have a blog if you are looking for a job ? how can it help ?
do you tip waiters in australia?
cannot get to website www.metlife.com for financial information?
hospital t.v.s?? if scientist say that telivision is so bad for you...then why is there one in every hospital room?
did jesus really die on the cross?
does anybody know how to astral project? (controled out of body experience)? can anybody tell me the procedures for a full
what is the real name of pope john paul(ii)?
how can the weather be hot as hell one day and cold as hell another?
should a professional gambler who file income tax as a gambler
when you create a group are people able to access it without you inviting them?
where can you find a credit card
what is and why stock buyback? is it the same as repurchase? is it a good news to the market?
how can i find my baby's photo from the hospital in 2002?
what's the best way to put together a difficult clue/scavenger hunt in portland/vancouver? i'm doing a clue to clue hunt for my husband's birthday... any ideas?
where in florida is a house made of coral and built by a 4 ' man? i saw this on tv a month ago
i'm a guy what can i do to experience multiple orgasms?
